Good morning. teachers. I am honored to be informed to have this interview.

 

**Introduce yourself in 1 minute**

XXX

**Introduce your college**

I studied in Wuhan University. It was established in Wuhan City in 1893.Although it is very hot in summer for me, I still appreciate it.First, the scenery in the school is refreshing,which make me take a walk on campus when I'm down. The architecture and landscape here can always calm me down.Also,I also got growth, knowledge and happiness here.

 

**Introduce your major**

I majored in computer science,which is the most popular major in some ways.Computer Science not only requires you to understand all kinds of theoretical knowledge, but also requires you to practice and create. You can learn how everything is interconnected, and how to create your own software through coding. Although it is very complicated and difficult to learn, I don't regret majoring in Computer Science.

 

**Introduce your family** 

In my family, there are four members, my farther, my mother, my little brother,and I. My mother works in the health center. Although the work content is stereotyped, she is very leisurely and often accompanies me and my brother. My father works in the government. He is always busy dealing with all kinds of things and doesn't go home. My brother is in junior high school, learning what I have learned from morning to night.We love each other. No matter who is in trouble, there is always someone taking the initiative to help.

**Introduce your hometown** 

My hometown is Jinzhong,an old city in ShanXi Province. My hometown is not famous. Every time I talk about this city with others, others will be very confused.But I love this small city,which is where I grow and gain friendship. I'm used to eating the food here, such as all kinds of noodles and porridge. When I study outside, I often miss the noodles in my hometown.

 

**Why do you want to become a postgraduate?**

I hope to conduct in-depth research at the graduate stage, learn cutting-edge technologies, deeply understand the changes in the future industry, understand what a scientific researcher is, and apply my knowledge to my future work.

**Why do you choose to study(your major) in our university?**

I learned on the website that the scientific research level of the university is quite good, and it includes the directions I am interested in, which makes me want to continue to learn more here.Although it is very hot in summer for me, I still appreciate it.First, the scenery in the school is refreshing,which make me take a walk on campus when I'm down. The architecture and landscape here can always calm me down.Also,I also got growth, knowledge and happiness here. So I want to continue to study here in the future

 

**What are your future plans/Challenges**

If I can continue my further study in Wuhan University, I will(the first challenge is that how to) build up a systematic view of professional course,especially in the fields of Nature language processing,Also,I will strengthen my study in English.

I plan to get a job after three years of graduate school,it is because my family needs me to earn money, I will apply the knowledge I have learned to my job.

**Do you have any hobbies?**

In my spare time, I will play table tennis or basketball with my partners, I will also participate in other ball games; Sometimes I also watch movies and go out to see the scenery. I also hope that I can use image technology to pass on the knowledge I have learned. For me, teaching others knowledge can also harvest happiness and a sense of achievement.

**What’s your advantages?**

As for my strongest strength, I think it is my logical thinking ability and optimistic attitude. No matter what happens, I can quickly adjust my mood and calmly deal with it. If I encounter problems in my study which makes me a little headache, I can quickly adjust and find other solutions.

**What’s your disadvantages?**

There is no perfect man in the world, so do I. Although I have passed CET-6,it is still a long way for me to learn English,the next year,I will participated in CET-6 again to improve my English level.Besides, after studying for a long time, I tend to be impetuous, thus ignoring some key information.

 

**Introduce your project.**

 

我在计算机设计大赛中负责的是文本的情感分析，它是基于BERT预训练模型。BERT在预训练中使用双向的语言模型，能够更好地利用上下文信息，并且具有极强的普适性，使得文本情感分析的工作可以基于bert进行。后续只要在bert的结构上增加一层分类网络，就可以达到非常不错情感分析效果。Bert可以分为三个步骤，首先是把输入的文本转换为向量；然后google公司使用大量的数据训练该网络；最后我们在该网络的基础上添加一层分类网络，并使用自己的训练集进行训练即可。

 

I was responsible for the emotional analysis of the text in the computer design competition, which is based on the Bert pre training model. Bert uses a two-way language model in pre training, which can make better use of context information, and has strong universality, so that the work of text emotion analysis can be based on Bert. Subsequently, as long as a classification network is added to the structure of Bert, a very good effect of emotion analysis can be achieved. Bert can be divided into three steps. First, convert the input text into vectors; Then Google uses a lot of data to train the network; Finally, we add a classification network on the basis of this network and use our own training set for training.