## 1.introduce your self

Dear teachers, my name is Tian Jinhao, from the school of computer science, Wuhan University, grade 2019. After nearly three years of undergraduate, I have a clearer understanding of my major and industry. In the future, I hope I can conduct more in-depth research on computer science. Next, I will introduce myself from four aspects: undergraduate study, competition experience, comprehensive quality and expectations for the future.
The first is course learning.
Among the courses, database, data structure, discrete mathematics and all courses related to mathematics have achieved good results; In many courses, I also improved my practical ability.
Next, let me introduce the competition I participated in.
I participated in the National Undergraduate Mathematics Competition and finally won the national second prize; In the service outsourcing competition, I participated in the separation of audio and multi voice; I participated in the emotional analysis of the text in the computer design competition. 
As for my practical experience, I have served as the campaign manager in Youth Volunteer  Association and class committee, participated in many volunteer activities .I like sports and often play basketball and table tennis. Also a little interested in music. In various practices, I have also exercised my abilities in all aspects.
As for the future, I hope I can carry out scientific research related to natural language processing, which is also the direction I am most interested in;  In addition to studying postgraduate courses and participating in the scientific research of my supervisor, I intend to stick to learning English to make up for my disadvantages in English. I hope to get employed directly after finishing graduate student.
The above is my self introduction, thank you!

## 2.introduce your school

I studied in Wuhan University. It was established in Wuhan City in 1893.Although it is very hot in summer for me, I still appreciate it.First, the scenery in the school is refreshing,which make me take a walk on campus when I'm down. The architecture and landscape here can always calm me down.I also got growth, knowledge and happiness here.

## 3.introduce your major

​	I majored in computer science,which is the most popular major in some ways.Computer Science not only requires you to understand all kinds of theoretical knowledge, but also requires you to practice and create. You can learn how everything is interconnected, and how to create your own software through coding. Although it is very complicated and difficult to learn, I don't regret majoring in Computer Science.



2：why apply for this major?

There are two reasons. On the one hand, I love this major very much. It’s interesting and useful. we can do many things on the computer if we learn it well. On the other hand, the computer direction has a broad development prospect in today’s society and studying this major can make me a better job in the future.

## 4.Why do you want to become a postgraduate?

There are two reasons .On the one hand,I enjoy the life on campus. Learning from teachers and students can teach me a lot ,and I am enjoying it.On the other hand,I can study more and get cutting edge knowledge,and it wil help me to get a better job.

## 5.Why do you choose to study at our school? / Why do you choose our university?

Nanjing University has always been the school of my dreams. Three years ago, I couldn't come here because I made a mistake in a multiple-choice question. Today I want to seize my chance .The teachers,students and resourses are very nice here. There is no doubt that I will learn a lot here.


## 6.What do you expect to achieve during your study if you are enrolled into this institute?

If I am lucky enough to be a postgraduate student in your school, I hope to read more frontier academic literature and accumulate more practical experience, so I can become an excellent student in the computer field. In addition, I hope to get some opportunities of intercultural communication and to broaden my horizons.

## 7.What is your (research) plan in the postgraduate study?

I want to improve myself in three aspects.
First of all, in terms of professional skills, I want to conduct more research under the guidance of my supervisor and improve my ability of doing research.
Secondly, I want to improve my English skills by reading more English papers and writing English essays，which is also my weakness.
Thirdly, I also want to be more mature,so that I can deal with different kinds of things.

## 8.Introduce your research experience. 

I participated in the National Undergraduate Mathematics Competition and finally won the national second prize; In the service outsourcing competition, I participated in the separation of audio and multi voice; I participated in the emotional analysis of the text in the computer design competition. 

## 9.What has been your greatest success/accomplishment in campus life? / What is the most memorable/successful thing you have in college?

In academic aspect, my math performance has been very good, discrete mathematics also got full marks, and I also won a prize for participating in the National Undergraduate Mathematics Competition; In other aspects, I once participated in the micro video competition as a leading actor, and finally won the first prize of the school.

## 10.What have you learned from your research experience/competition experience?

From the research experience, I found myself making improvements in many ways. Firstly, by reading lots of frontier academic literature, I got deeper understanding of machine learning. Secondly, I learned more skills in the software design and data analysis. In addition, my ability of communication was also improved in this research.

## 11.What do you think have been the most important changes in your study field over the past 5 years?

In my humble view, the dramatic change in my major lies in the research content. In recent years, the scholars pay more attention to the study of artificial intelligence. Its rapid development has brought great convenience to all aspects of our lives.For example,the technology of machine translation has been improved very much.Coding methods have been very mature.

## 12.Where are you from? / Tell something about your hometown. / Would you like to tell some stories about your hometown?

My hometown is Jinzhong,an old city in ShanXi Province. My hometown is not famous. Every time I talk about this city with others, others will be very confused.But I love this small city,which is where I grow and gain friendship. I'm used to eating the food here, such as all kinds of noodles and porridge. When I study outside, I often miss the noodles in my hometown.

## 13.What are the people like in your hometown?

 People in ShanXi Province are very hospitable. They are very loyal and honest, open-minded, strong in character, practical, and love their hometown. They are all proud of this city and welcome you to travel here.


## 14.Which city do you like best and why?

My favorite city is still my hometown, but if I consider the future work place and climate, Beijing is the most suitable for me. Beijing has a wealth of jobs and countless scenic spots. I can relax in my spare time.

## 15.Tell something about your family.

In my family, there are four members, my farther, my mother, my little brother,and I. My mother works in the health center. Although the work content is stereotyped, she is very leisurely and often accompanies me and my brother. My father works in the government. He is always busy dealing with all kinds of things and go home late. My brother is in junior high school, learning what I have learned from morning to night.We love each other. No matter who is in trouble, there is always someone taking the initiative to help.

## 16.Could you tell me about a hobby or an interest that you have? / What do you like to do in your spare time? / How do you arrange your spare time?

When I'm free, I always have countless things to do. I like playing basketball and table tennis, and enjoy all kinds of movies. Music is also one of my hobbies. If I have a long free time, I will go to scenic spots with my friends,enjoying the night scenery by the river and the sunset on the mountain.

## 17.What kind of character do you think you have?

First of all, I am a very optimistic person. No matter what setbacks and pressures, I can recover to my best condition as soon as possible. Secondly, I am also an enthusiastic person. Helping others is a part of my life. I am a determined person. I always take effort to pursue my dreams and never give up easily.

## 18.Your strengths and weaknesses.

As for my strongest strength, I think it is my logical thinking ability and optimistic attitude. No matter what happens, I can quickly adjust my mood and calmly deal with it. If I encounter problems in my study which makes me a little headache, I can quickly adjust and find other solutions.

There is no perfect man in the world, so do I. Although I have passed CET-6,it is still a long way for me to learn English,the next year,I will participated in CET-6 again to improve my English level.Besides, after studying for a long time, I tend to be impetuous, thus ignoring some key information.

## 19.How many programs did you apply for? If we give offer to you, will you accept?

Except for my own undergraduate school, I only delivered it to Nanjing University. if I am lucky enough to be a young student here, I will definitely come. Because the academic environment here is rather attractive. Your university enjoys a rich faculty, full of professionally competent and high-caliber teachers. There is no doubt that I will learn a lot here.

## 20.Do you think English is important for your future plans?

Of course. English plays an indispensable role both in my academic study and future career. When looking for some learning material online for my research, the Chinese information is usually not enough, therefore the English information works as an essential compensation. Furthermore, when I command English, work efficiency will be greatly improved because the time of the between languages is shortened.


## 21.Introduce a plant from your school.

There are many ginkgo trees in our senior high school. Every fall, their leaves will turn golden yellow, looking from a distance, as if they are shining. Many students will take pictures under the ginkgo trees, and some students will pick up the fallen leaves and make them into bookmarks.


## 22.How is your English level / Please tell me your English score.

English plays an indispensable role both in my academic study and future career. During the three years in university, I have been studying English and have passed CET-4 and CET-6 with good scores.

## 23.How do you practice English?

First of all, I persist in reciting English words and try to improve my vocabulary. Secondly, in my spare time, I like watching some English Moive，play English games .The wicher is my favorite english game.


## 24.What is your favorite English movie?

My favorite movie is Shawshank Redemption. In addition to giving me a kind of strength, this film also allows me to maintain an optimistic attitude no matter what I face.

## 25.What do you think of 996 work schedule？

I think that efficiency is not reflected by overtime, but by our own work level. If one thing needs to be done for an extended period of time, the cost will increase greatly, and the gain will not be worth the loss. So, I think that how to complete our job faster and better is what we should consider.

## 26.Introduce the innovation training program for college students you participated in.

I was responsible for the emotional analysis of the text in the computer design competition, which is based on the Bert pre training model. Bert uses a two-way language model in pre training, which can make better use of context information, and has strong universality, so that the work of text emotion analysis can be based on Bert. Subsequently, as long as a classification network is added to the structure of Bert, a very good effect of emotion analysis can be achieved. Bert can be divided into three steps. First, convert the input text into vectors; Then Google uses a lot of data to train the network; Finally, we add a classification network on the basis of this network and use our own training set for training.

## 27.Introduce some approaches used in the project.

The full name of Bert model is bidirectional encoders represenrations from transformer, which is the main model of text emotional analysis.It contains many encoders,and each encoder includes a multi-head self attention and a feedforward neural network.

## 28.What’s the biggest challenge / problem in this project? How did you solve it?

At first, we didn't know how to start. After reading many literatures and referring to many open source codes, I knew how to start.

The training model needs a lot of GPU resources. We applied to borrow the resources of our instructor's laboratory to finally get good results.

## 29.What are the shortcomings of this project research?

First of all, the data set we use is based on English，so our model works well in English, but not in Chinese .Also,Our classification of emotions is not enough. Many times, we use a few types to summarize all emotions. In a sentence, there may be many emotions.

## 30.data structure

Data structure is a professional basic course which includes linear structure, tree structure, etc. It’s of great importance to program design. When we need to design an algorithm, it will be efficient if we choose a suitable data structure.

## 31.Computer Operating System

Computer operating system is a professional basic course. Its main functions include processor management, memory management, equipment management and file management. It’s of great importance to program design. If we know the computer operating system, we can make the program more efficient and robust.

## 32.Compilation Principle

Compilation principle is a professional basic course. It’s the foundation of programming and it’s of great importance to program design. If we know the compilation principle, we can make the program more efficient and robust.


## 33.Computer Network

Computer network is a professional basic course. It’s the foundation of programming and it’s of great importance to program design especially for web projects. If we know the computer network, we can make the web project more efficient and robust.


## 34.the Principle of Computer Composition

The principle of computer composition is a professional basic course. It’s the foundation of programming and it’s of great importance to program design. If we know the principle of computer composition, we can make the program more efficient and robust.

## 35.Computer Vision

Computer vision has been a hot topic in recent years. The current research usually adopts the approach of convolutional neural network. With the developing of the research on it, many efficient neural networks have been produced in recent years. It can be used in picture classification, face recognition and so on.

## 36.What is your favorite course and why?

My favorite course is Data Structure which is a professional basic course. It includes some basic types of data structures such as linear structure, tree structure and so on. It also discusses some implementation methods of searching and sorting. Learning it helps me improve my programming ability.


## 37.Which programming language do you think is the most important? why?

I think that C programming language is the most important. Because its grammatical structure is concise, its portability is great and its program efficiency is higher. Many programming languages are derived from it.


## 38.Can you introduce the quick sort algorithm?

According to the sentinel element, two pointers are used to point to the beginning and the end of the array to be sorted. The first pointer is moved from front to back to find the element larger than the sentinel element, and the tail pointer is moved from back to front to find the element smaller than the sentinel element. Exchange these two elements until the two pointers meet. After this sorting, the elements larger than the sentinel are on the right and the smaller elements are on the left. After multiple passes of sorting, the entire array becomes ordered.

## 39.What is the process and thread?

An executing instance of a program is called a process. Each process provides the resources needed to execute a program. A process has a virtual address space, executable code, open handles to system objects, a security context, a unique process identifier, environment variables, a priority class, minimum and maximum working set sizes, and at least one thread of execution. Each process is started with a single thread, often called the primary thread, but can create additional threads from any of its threads.

A thread is an execution context, which is all the information a CPU needs to execute a stream of instructions. A CPU is giving you the illusion that it’s doing multiple computations at the same time. It does that by spending a bit of time on each computation. It can do that because it has an execution context for each computation.
On a more technical level, an execution context (therefore a thread) consists of the values of the CPU’s registers.
Threads are different from processes. A thread is a context of execution, while a process is a bunch of resources associated with a computation. A process can have one or many threads.
Clarification: the resources associated with a process include memory pages (all the threads in a process have the same view of the memory), file descriptors (e.g., open sockets), and security credentials (e.g., the ID of the user who started the process).

## 40.You can ask any questions that you might have?

Are there any opportunities to enhance my English when studying as a postgraduate student in your university,such as exchanged abroad?

Thanks for you answer, which makes me know more about the major and foreign language study at your university. I will work hard to learn English and professional courses. I hope you can have a nice day.
